well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about uh
president trump's statement and red and
blue states
what that really means uh because it's
not quite as defined as people might
believe it is
and trump's little comment while absurd
there's a whole lot that we can learn
from it so
what did he say he was trying to deflect
blame
for the mishandling of the public health
issue
and he said if you take the blue states
out
we're at a level that i don't think
anybody in the world would be at
we're really at a very low level but
some states
they were blue states and blue state
managed
he's talking about the toll if you
subtract to the blue states
the uh the toll would be lower
yes that's true if you subtract the most
populous
areas of the country you will have a
lower toll
give that man a noble prize for
mathematics
um but the thing is
the idea that he was trying to get
across is that
blue states are somehow worse is that
true no
no it's not um
if you go back to the very beginning
okay it's 53
of the lost are from blue states 47
percent
are from red states if you just go from
july 70 are in red states
see the blue states got hit first that's
where it started
so of course their tolls are higher
they're also generally more populous so
the fact that
even with a head start and having more
people
red states have done their best to catch
up
kind of shows that it's the opposite
is true and his
comment about saying that uh he didn't
think anybody else would be there
if we took away the blue states which is
about a hundred thousand people
we'd take that away nobody else would be
there that's true but not the way he's
saying
um if he subtracted that we would still
be the number two and lost only brazil
would reach that level that's how bad
he has handled this
okay but here's the thing
red states and blue states that's not a
thing
not really not the way it comes across
if you mean red state as a state that
typically
votes red or blue a state that typically
votes blue
on the national level sure yeah i guess
that's a thing
but that doesn't really tell you much
you know lately portland
it's been a news a lot democrat
state blue state 50.02 percent
that's not an overwhelming majority at
all
now is it new york
another blue state 59 percent
camifornia 61
that means 39 of people in california
are more conservative or voted third
party i guess
not even two-thirds voted blue
same thing the other way texas
red state 52 the highest in the country
is west virginia
with 68 voting right
we're not as divided by states
as the president would like us to
believe
but uh that's what he has to do
you know he has to divide the country
he has to go out of his way to pit
americans against each other
because that's what all authoritarian
goons do
they start off by going after those
outside the country
foreigners maybe they say something like
america first
and build from there once that isn't
satisfying their crowd anymore
have to give them somebody else to look
down at well then they go after those
who are in the country who shouldn't
really be there in this case
immigration was used then it's those who
are a little different somehow
and then as a last resort
the leader turns the country against
itself
anybody who opposes dear leader
well they're the opposition
you have to hate them and they have to
do this
because reactionary people
they live on a diet of fear
and hate so you have to give them
somebody to be afraid of
and somebody to hate
and that's what he's done he has turned
the country against itself
he is asking
americans to forget
about a hundred thousand lost
simply because they resided in a state
where a little more than half
voted against him
can you picture any other president in
u.s history doing that
anybody else being that arrogant that
ignorant that self-serving
dividing the country like that
to hopefully boost his re-election
chances
it's the only reason he's doing it
people should be forgotten about
them being lost well it shouldn't matter
because they well maybe not even them
but some people in their state voted
for the party that president trump
himself
gave a whole bunch of money to over the
years and used to be a member of because
he has no principles he has no morals he
never has
but see there's some good news that
comes out of this
in my county where i'm at
oh this is red this is deep
deep republican deep republican county
if uh 100 percent a registered democrat
showed up
100 voter turnout
and half republicans did
republicans would still win by a pretty
comfortable margin
when you say it like that seems like
anybody that is progressive thinking in
this area would be alone
however if you say it another way
doesn't really shake out like that
if i get in line at walmart
and there's uh 10 people in front of me
two or three are going to be democrats
that's how it works out this country
isn't that divided and that's just party
affiliation when you get down to the
actual
issues they're even less divided
the average person out here we don't
hate each other
not people but
a lot of our politicians do everything
they can
to make us put party over country
even at the cost of a hundred thousand
people
if you're in a red area
a very conservative area and you feel
like there are no progressives around
you please remember
there are a whole bunch of people who
think just like you
in every way including thinking they're
alone
sometimes when you speak up
you're not really saying it to convince
anybody
you're saying it so the people around
you who already think the way you do
no they're not alone and in a lot of
those red areas
it's desperately needed
there are people waiting on you
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night